Replace all embeds with Vals and remove references to `set` (#59)
val-town/val-town-docs: src/content/docs/api/aliases.mdx

## GET `/v1/alias/{username}`

```ts val
import { alias } from "https://esm.town/v/neverstew/alias";

export let aliasExample = alias({
  username: "stevekrouse",
});
```

## GET `/v1/alias/{username}/{handle}`

```ts val
import { alias } from "https://esm.town/v/neverstew/alias";

export const aliasValExample = alias({
  username: "stevekrouse",
  valName: "parentReference",

>   // for private vals, pass your val town api token
>   // token: @me.secrets.valtownToken,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // for private vals, pass your val town api token
  // token: Deno.env.get('valtown')
```
